Update latest Ubuntu LTS in documentation (#2030)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/using-python.md

> The Python API of Webots supports both Python 3.7 and Python 2.7.
> On macOS it also supports Python 3.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python API of Webots supports Python versions 2.7, 3.7 and 3.8.
Please note that Python 2.7 is deprecated since January 1st, 2020 and should be avoided.
```

> On Ubuntu it also supports Python 3.5, Python 3.6 and Python 3.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Ubuntu it also supports Python versions 3.5 and 3.6.
```

> On Ubuntu it also supports Python 3.5, Python 3.6 and Python 3.8.

Reviewer 2: I thin we support Python 3.8 on Windows too.
